[Music]
hey do you like challenges as much as I
do then how about you try the one I've
prepared especially for you in this
challenge you'll have to crack riddles
and solve brain teasers and every level
will be more difficult than the previous
one let's see if you can manage to get
through all of them level one number one
mix signals now tell me this when do you
keep moving on red but stop when it's
green you have only ten seconds to
figure out this paradox you ignore red
and stop at green when you're eating a
watermelon number two a glider on the
border a glider pilot lost control of
his aircraft and crash landed right on
the border between the u.s. and Canada
with one wing in each country which
country will get the engine
neither gliders don't have engines three
mysterious bills there are two bills
lying on the table their total sum is
$51
what are these bills if the first one
isn't a one dollar bill the first one is
a $50 bill and the second is a one
dollar bill for the unfairness of life
people buy me to eat but after that they
never actually eat me will ten seconds
be enough for you to figure out what I
am well it's understandable if they
don't want to eat me I'm a plate five no
water please you can drop me from any
height you can even throw me from a
skyscraper and I'll be fine but once you
drop me in the water I won't survive
when Mr
I'm paper so keep me away from water
thank you very much
six what's left take away the hole and
some still remain what is it you have
ten seconds to figure it out it's
wholesome level two number seven how
many squares look at this picture and
try to count all the squares you see
here remember that sometimes you need to
think outside the box if you're
attentive enough you've figured out that
there are 7 squares hidden in this
picture 8 choose a door you're locked in
a dungeon with some food and a bucket of
enough water to survive for 3 days there
are three doors leading out of the
dungeon and one of them may bring you to
freedom but behind the first door
there's a polar bear with a newborn cub
the second door
hides a big lake swarming with hungry
crocodiles and behind the third door
there's a six-foot tall fire which door
should you choose to save your life
the bear behind the first door will do
everything to protect its cub and it
will definitely attack you if you try to
sneak past and I doubt you'll want to
deal with hungry crocodiles but you can
distract the crocodiles with your food
and use your bucket to extinguish the
fire with the water from the lake 9 the
wrong some I have an equation where
something has gone wrong
look five plus five plus five plus five
equals five hundred fifty five you
should add just one line to make this
sum true
use the line I provided you to turn plus
into four in this case five 45 plus five
plus five is indeed 555 ten the eggs
cost you go to the shop and buy an egg
and a chicken the total cost of these
products is 108 coins but the chicken is
100 coins more expensive than the egg so
how much does the egg cost you have only
10 seconds to do your math I think there
are very few people whose first instinct
isn't to say eight coins but 100 minus
eight doesn't give us the 100 coin
difference the cost of the egg is
actually 4 coins
11 an age paradox a boy was 11 years old
in 1990 but in 1995 the same boy was 10
how is it possible you have 10 seconds
to crack this riddle
the boy was born in 2005 BCE that's why
he was 10 in 1995 BCE and 15 in 1990 BCE
12 the right store EMA is near a store
she can't read the sign on this store
but she knows for sure that she needs to
go inside and buy something which shop
is she standing next to EMA is near an
eyewear store 13 a fake coin once a man
found a coin with 10 BCE mark on it
realizing the thing was very old he took
it to an expert but the expert didn't
bother to examine the coin and told the
man outright that the thing was fake how
did he understand this fact
people who live BCE didn't realize that
they were well living before the current
era this designation appeared only after
the beginning of the era we live in
level three number fourteen
a fallen signpost a traveler was walking
in an unfamiliar area when he reached an
intersection but the signpost had fallen
and the man didn't know how to choose
the right Road can you figure out how to
do it the traveler most likely knew the
name of the city he had left some time
before and this knowledge could help him
to position the signpost correctly
fifteen make a square look at this shape
made of matchsticks you're allowed to
move just two of them to make a square
ten seconds for you to figure out how to
do it
there are two ways how you can make a
square by moving just two matchsticks
but if you found any other way ring off
in the comments 16 how many eggs
if three hens lay three eggs in three
days how many eggs will twelve hens lay
in twelve days I immediately realized
there was a catch in this riddle and
indeed the answer isn't 144 if one hen
lays one egg in three days it will mean
that it will lay four eggs in 12 days
that's why twelve hands will provide you
with 48 eggs in 12 days level 417 light
bulbs and switches you have two rooms
that are completely isolated from each
other there are three switches in one
room and three light bulbs in the other
here in the room with the switches and
you're allowed to go to the other room
only once
how can you determine which switch is
connected to each of the bulbs
turn on switch number one wait for a
minute or so and turn it off again then
turn on the second switch and go inside
the room with the bulbs one of the bulbs
will be on and is connected to the
second switch touch the remaining bulbs
the one which is a bit warm is connected
to the first switch and the cold one is
linked to switch number three number 18
a weird nickname my dad is a chemist and
my mom is a mathematician it might be
the reason why they call me iron 59 uh
but can you guess my real name my real
name is Felix the thing is that in the
periodic table
the chemical symbol Fe means iron and a
Roman numeral Li X stands for 59 are you
still with me
Wow even if you haven't managed to solve
all the riddles you get extra points for
your persistence but if you have cracked
all the brain teasers I threw your way
you're most likely a genius and I'm not
kidding here hey if you learn something
new today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]